Mrs. Chen's seat, even if it's not my turn to sit
Won't fall on you
Do you know how pitiful you are?
What!
Mrs. Chen, is it your fault?
You see that Chen Xunan is about to marry another woman
You can't help it.
So I had to hurt Mrs. Chen
Then blame others
Poor Mrs. Chen is so kind to you
If Chen Xunan knew the truth
Do you think he will ever forgive you?
You are talking nonsense, Auntie Chen is your fault.
Do you know what is the most pitiful thing about human beings?
Is stupid like you
Did so many bad things
In the end, it was just for Chen Xu
Come to this broken bar and meet
I didn't do it.
It's all you, it's all you
wicked
You've done all the ungrateful things
In the end, he was just a villain in vain
Women take care of themselves
What's the matter with this bitch today?
He must have meant it
Trying to ruin my date with Sunan
Muzhizhi, stop
I'm warning you, why don't you leave?
I'll make you pay. What?
You are afraid
Why didn't I see you afraid when I did bad things?
Tell you today I'm here for you
Only you are not satisfied
My master will be happy
Ah!
How dare you hit me?
Mo Zhizhi
Oh, dear.
I have to go to the play myself
Are you all right?
It's okay, I'm glad you came in time.
I just know you don't need to explain?
What can I explain?
Would you believe me?
Xu Xu?
Well, I'll tell you.
He fell on purpose.
It has nothing to do with me. He wants to injure me and
Ah don't eat it
I have always been open and honest
Never brush any small tricks
If I were to push someone
Play football upright
And things I haven't done
I will never admit it
Include anything